neo is it like America given more racist
as we progress into the future no I I
felt that when Obama guy in the office
was gonna be like okay he's our
president and he's black and he spoken
up just like every other prison they're
worse he's not keeping holders where he
just fucking up like everybody else okay
maybe we all the same no it's like
racism is just getting thrown in our
face down down races racism racism or we
run on gimmicks to fight george zoom in
and and and we want this and we want
that need on a man sterling McDonald's
for 1.5 million dollars over napkins
because we failed with a race issue
everybody I mean some of this shit I'm
late bro it's not a race issue adjust
your fucking my perspective of your
being greedy oh you want a pinch of a
sudden but this right here is racism it
is fun ammo is marilyn is it even though
it's in Indiana it's telling people they
cannot come into the mall with a good
because it's an offensive attire how to
fuck it up a hoodie of offensive attack
like seriously how the fuck you know
that and they're saying that um okay I
understand that you know is it could it
could be associated with robberies or
whatnot but and I understand it they'll
sound like bandanas or something off our
steam master something that's really
fucking up your identity but a hoodie
they're acting like a hoodie is more
dangerous than a gun like oh that's just
how you dress that I mean they're trying
to ban sagging and stuff it's a fad it's
a fashion statement that's what it is I
mean personally I don't get a chance
care abouts tagging but in all honesty
we tell me to take my hoodie off and
it's cold as fuck outside you got me
fucked up with keeping that shit on
you're not gonna tell me shit like that
like why you know Sam John the
suspicious just because I got a hoodie
on or just be careful color my skin like
seriously why I just like slowly slowly
America is trying to set all of the
lights away it's trying to tell us what
to do is China yeah I'm gonna talk about
that later and i'll talk about the
racism who dis
get pushed in our face over and over and
over again I'm sick and tired of it
sometime this is just I mean play
colligative get on worldstar races means
every well get on look at me i'm faisal
a system like ninety percent of time on
youtube but I look at it like okay with
the hook it's not it's not people on
this planet this is full fledged a race
anymore you know you might got ten
percent of the people that's cool white
this full black there's just no answer
any other Grayson we're a family tree my
health like ten percent and in the world
we're living in right now the population
that true building you come on 10 15 is
nothing and i'll send it's like a few
thousand it just cool affairs white no
answer black or are missing or dominican
or whatever in that build-up temperature
um just Carly a handful this just plain
black just playing in room you know
there we need to get over this ratio
because pretty soon y'all going to be
mixed whether we like it or not we all
would be one race whether you like it or
not and we don't every get together I
feel that we can progress as our human
race it's what they need to be fuck
these blacks and whites and and
masculine and all this chick we need to
be the human race that's the only race
we need to beat the human race just look
at it really we are all we got eww let
me know your thoughts about racism
because may be avail encounter races and
I have a lot of time but if you want me
to talk more about this let me know on
follow me on twitter check out my other
town of the good night with everyone
said done she bought game is over 40
Stacy let me know what you think about
it peace and chicken grease in our case